[Security] Data view picker updates (#3568)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/get-started/data-views-elastic-security.md

## The default {{data-source}} [default-data-view-security]

The default {{data-source}} is defined by the `securitySolution:defaultIndex` setting, which you can modify in [advanced settings](/solutions/security/get-started/configure-advanced-settings.md#update-sec-indices).
::::{note}

> If you modify this view directly in the Edit data view UI, the changes will not be saved permanently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you modify this view directly in the Edit data view UI, the changes will not persist.
```
"will not persist after you close the tab", maybe?
